Fixed documentation for Wizard skippable section. (#18560)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/schemas/docs/05-wizards.md

> Optionally, the `skippable()` method accepts a boolean value to control if the step is skippable or not:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, the `skippable()` method accepts a boolean value to control if the steps are skippable or not:
```
